link to complete codepen: https://codepen.io/babeytapratt/pen/XWdaLyz

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML clearly describes meaning to the browser and developer.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    To create structure in your webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute either modifies the functionality of an element type or gives functionality to elements that otherwise would not have functionality.
    They are put anywhere an outside element needs to be placed in the website such as an anchor tag to another website or a reference to an image not stored on the website.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to create a heading or title for the webpage and it is only used once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id tag and class tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The head contains metadata or machine readable data about the document like its title, scripts and style sheets.

    7. What is an id?
    It is a unique id for a html element. It usually points to a style sheet so that it can be called individually and styled.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Id can be added to divs, sections, h1 - h4 tags and any other attribute that needs it.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    The same id cannot be used more than once because it is a unique identifier.

    10. What is a class?
    A class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. It is used to point to a class in stylesheet.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    The class element can be used on any html element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as you want. If we have multiple paragraphs with the same styling, giving them the same class name will change them all with only one CSS code block that targets them all.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add a target="_blank" to your anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    The alt attribute describes what the image is if the user is vision impaired. It is also used for search terms on search engines to help users find your image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS you use the # symbol before the id name #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section holds like information in the same area. A div is the divider for subtopics and other media within that section.
    An example of this is if you have a section on your page about dogs and the section is divided into different types of dogs and their characteristic.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    Cascading Style Sheets is used to give style and order to your web page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{} in CSS. Place the attribute h2 in front of brackets with the style informaiton within the brackets.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The same class can be used multiple times throughout a webpage. Ex: if half the paragraphs were one color and the other half were another color, you would use the same class for all paragraphs of the same color.
    The same ID's can not be used more than once on a webpage. You would use an id if you are pointing to a referenced element such as a button that is also a hyperlink.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    place a . in front of the class name. Ex: .special

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This can be used to better specify the elements that need changes. Ex: A paragraph that is a child of the body
    but not of any divs or sections can be singled out using the parent child selector.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is used when you don't know the specific amount of elements in the list such as a grocery store's supplies. If you wanted to change the last element a different color no matter what it is, you
    can use li: last-child and no matter what the last element is, it will always be that color.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing: in CSS.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border-width:1px;
        border-style:dotted;
        border-color:black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    The * symbol selects all elements

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* write your comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm. You cannot undo a remove. It is permanent so be carefull.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    So that the page can be changed by multiple people and the previous version is always available if needed. It is also usefull to track changes and merge them to the main branch.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit afte every major change and at least every 15 to 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin current branch name. I use git push origin branch name.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    On github, fork the repo so it is your own copy. Add your TL as a collaborator on your forked Repo. Clone your repo using the clone and download button. Inside your command line interface, use the cd command
    to go to the directory that you wnat to store your repo. Use the git clone put in link to repo in github. cd into the newly created repo using cd repo name command. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    to create your own branch for the repo. Work on the project. Use git add . to add the repo changes you will be commiting. Use git commit -m "helpful commit message" to commit the changes. Use git push -u origin
    with the name of the branch you have made the changes on to push all the commits from your local machine to github. Go back to your forked project on github. Make sure it is your branch by clicking branch master
    and changing to your branch. Click the new branch and then click New pull request to make a pull request on your name branch. Make sure you are submitting a request for your branch as the default will be the master
    branch. Choose your repository only. Add your TL to the reviewers and then submit the pull request. Do not merge your own pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element will fill up as much space as it is given horizontally. An inline element will only take up as much space to display the data it is given.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    This means that the element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. It is on its own layer seperate from everything else.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Use a block level element and change the width of the element through CSS.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block element: div, p, h1 - h6, In-line elements: span, img. Display inline-block by default: button.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
     The box model places all content in an html site in boxes. The content is placed in a box with the padding surrounding it in a box. That box is surrounded by the border which is surrounded by the margin.
